for a while I really didn't like it I
didn't want to be Indian I felt like
I've been punished for something I
didn't do all I could think of was I
just want to be away from it when it's
fishing time honey there's no missing
around my great-grandma I used to be
able to cut it this once it'd all be
done
nobody can step on you when you learn
what your house is who you are where you
came how you got where you my aunt
cookie came and picked me up in San
Diego and brought me back to Alaska
that's raised by all these women I want
to say there was seven Kellan Lutz and
help cut enough weight to so I gotta
have half-white days the love Burt
design I was telling you about the Eagle
the Raven you know I try to keep the
traditional as possible the Vietnamese
knocked off the Persian rug design and
we had the Chilkat blanket design woven
in that so I was kind of like a knockoff
of a knockoff we are on the road again
people that the more killing you
struggles in the ripping right now we
know the deja caer deserve finally got
my feather right now everybody has a
purpose